so hello this is another stochastic life
I wake up every morning and I hope it's
morning and then I Colorado
hello I am hello Randall hi are you
awake the rotarran yes I am awake okay
okay you know what
come with me I will show you how I
discovered the rhythm of my life random
it's 5:30
it's time for our exercise are you ready
yes what exercise will do today
English exercise so I feel I have a
healthy life like this and you will see
why come I will show you
I wake up so early but like this I have
the chance to take my time you know to
understand what nature brings day by day
I'm thinking which is my goal my goal is
that by the end of the day I will pass
everything I will have poof poof passed
everything with generosity with
discovery with wisdom I hope with
extraordinary curiosity because I am
thinking that the process is more
important than success you know if you
have a healthy process then there is
always the success those are my thoughts
I take to blue and I think to myself I
am a big actor
you